"Name of the Game" game manual:

  "Name of the Game" is a make-your-own-adventure type platformer with an
  emphasis on the style of controls. The game is intended to teach people to
  think "Computationally". The controls of the game are done by our own language
  which works like a normal scripting programming language. Here is the
  explanation of the syntax of this language:

  Before the game starts, you have access to the Save, Help, List Levels, Change
  Level(), Settings, Change Setting(), Start, and Quit commands. These commands
  will also be available during the game. The commands do the following:

    Save: Saves the current game state in memory.

    Help: Opens this file to show you all the commands available.

    List Levels: Displays a list of all available levels for you to play on.

    Change Level(): This command switches the game level to the one that is
    specified within the brackets. Example: Change Level(1)

    Settings: Displays a list of all changeable settings and their current state.

    Change Setting(): Changes the setting specified as the first parameter in the
    brackets to the value of the second parameter in the brackets. The Parameters
    are separated by commas. Example: Change Setting(Terminal Colour, Black)

    Start: This command will start the current chosen level.

    Quit: This command will make the game quit.

  During the game you will gain control of more commands. All the previous
  commands are still available. You now should have access to the Build(),
  Destroy(), Check Resources, Pause, Continue and Change Speed() commands.
  These commands do the following:

    Build(): This is the most important command of the game. This command lets
    you build certain objects out of the materials that you have in a location of
    your choosing. You have to input the parameters in this order: Object type,
    Material type, x-Coordinate, y-Coordinate. Example: Build(Stairs, Metal, 2, 4)
    This command call should create Stairs made of Metal in the location (2,4).

    Destroy(): This command lets you destroy any object that you have already
    placed by providing the location of the object on screen. If you wish,
    you also have the option to destroy all objects on the screen by passing All
    as the parameter. Example: Destroy(2,4) will destroy the stairs that you
    placed in that location in the previous example, assuming that the stairs are
    still in that location.

    Check Resources: This command returns a list of all the remaining resources
    to the Terminal.

    Pause: This command pauses the running of the game. When the game screen is
    paused you can still edit the environment, but your character simply won't
    move.

    Continue: This command will continue a paused game.

    Change Speed(): This command dictates how quick the game runs. Your options
    are: Slow, Normal and Fast. Example: Change Speed(Normal) will make your
    game run at the default speed.
